### Enumerating the Remote Desktop Users Group

```Powershell
PS C:\htb> Get-NetLocalGroupMember -ComputerName ACADEMY-EA-MS01 -GroupName "Remote Desktop Users"

ComputerName : ACADEMY-EA-MS01
GroupName    : Remote Desktop Users
MemberName   : INLANEFREIGHT\Domain Users
SID          : S-1-5-21-3842939050-3880317879-2865463114-513
IsGroup      : True
IsDomain     : UNKNOWN
```
###### From the information above, we can see that all Domain Users (meaning all users in the domain) can RDP to this host. It is common to see this on Remote Desktop Services (RDS) hosts or hosts used as jump hosts. This type of server could be heavily used, and we could potentially find sensitive data (such as credentials) that could be used to further our access, or we may find a local privilege escalation vector that could lead to local admin access and credential theft/account takeover for a user with more privileges in the domain. Typically the first thing I check after importing BloodHound data is:
#### Does the Domain Users group have local admin rights or execution rights (such as RDP or WinRM) over one or more hosts?
###### We could also check the Analysis tab and run the pre-built queries Find Workstations where Domain Users can RDP or Find Servers where Domain Users can RDP. There are other ways to enumerate this information, but BloodHound is a powerful tool that can help us narrow down these types of access rights quickly and accurately, which is hugely beneficial to us as penetration testers under time constraints for the assessment period. This can also be helpful for the blue team to periodically audit remote access rights across the environment and catch large-scale issues such as all Domain Users having unintended access to a host or audit rights for specific users/groups.
#### To test this access, we can either use a tool such as xfreerdp or Remmina from our VM or the Pwnbox or mstsc.exe if attacking from a Windows host.
# Tags
>  #Lateral-Movement #AD-Lateral-Movement #RDP-Lateral-Movement #RDP
